MDCB 2.8.1 Release Notes (#6392)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/release-notes/mdcb.md

---
## 2.8 Release Notes

> ### 2.8.1 Release Notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### 2.8.1 Release Notes
```

---
## 2.8 Release Notes

### 2.8.1 Release Notes

#### Release Date 9 May 2025

#### Release Highlights

This release contains minor updates to ensure compatibility with the latest versions of Gateway and Dashboard.

#### Breaking Changes

##### 3rd Party Dependencies & Tools
| Third Party Dependency                                     | Tested Versions        | Compatible Versions    | Comments | 
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- | -------- | 
| [Redis](https://redis.io/download/)  | 6.2.x, 7.x  | 6.2.x, 7.x  | Used by MDCB | 
| [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)  | 5.0.x, 6.0.x, 7.0.x | 4.4.x, 5.0.x, 6.0.x, 7.0.x | Used by MDCB | 
| [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)         | 13.x - 17.x        | 13.x - 17.x            | Used by MDCB | 

Given the time difference between your upgrade and the release of this version, we recommend customers verify the ongoing support of third-party dependencies they install, as their status may have changed since the release.

#### Deprecations
There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions

> For users currently on v2.7.0, we strongly recommend promptly upgrading to the latest release. If you are working with an older version (lower minor), it is advisable to bypass version 2.7.0 and proceed directly to this latest patch release.
> <br/>
> Go to the [Upgrading Tyk](#upgrading-tyk) section for detailed upgrade Instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading to 2.8.1, please follow the detailed [upgrade instructions](#upgrading-tyk).
```
